From: Opensourcequestions
Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2009 5:48 AM
To: Greg
Cc: Opensourcequestions
Subject: RE: Header Files

Hello Greg,

We attach a zip file that contains 2 header files: lunaservice.h and lunaservice-errors.h.

purple.h is available from the libpurple package available from
http://palm.cdnetworks.net/opensource/1.1.0/libpurple-1.0.tar.bz2

Furthermore, there are references to json.h and json_utils.h which can
be downloaded as part of the json-c from
http://oss.metaparadigm.com/json-c/.

Please note that libpurple-adapter is licensed under LGPL v 2.1.

Thank you for your interest in the Palm Pre and the webOS.

We wish you the best of luck.

Open Source Team

From: Greg [mailto:greg_roll@hotmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2009 4:10 AM
To: Opensourcequestions
Subject: Source distirbution questions

Hello again,
 
Thank you so all your help over the last week. I have now successfully
completed the project I was working on.
 
I have a concern about the source code provided. libpurple-adapter is
open source yet im told the header files provided are not to be
distributed.  This will severely slow down development of future
projects as others could not easily contribute making better products
for webos.
 
Also Section 2 of LGPL states "For a library, complete source code
means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
control compilation and installation of the library". Wouldn't the
header files come under this?
 
Obviously I don't want to get your section or Palm offside as I would
like to work with you in creating a better platform.
 
Thanks once again,
Greg

From: Opensourcequestions
Sent: Wednesday, September 16, 2009 6:46 AM
To: Greg
Cc: Opensourcequestions
Subject: RE: Source distirbution questions

Hello Greg,
 
We confirmed it with Legal and these header files are licensed under LGPL v. 2.1.
 
Thank you for your interest in the Palm Pre and the webOS.
 
All the best,
Open Source Team
